Now, we'll combine the data from all the regions using the Union Tool.
Since all the data streams are the same,
no configuration is needed of the Union Tool.
Let's run the workflow and take a look at the output.
Looking at the output of the Union Tool,
we can see that we have the control treatment pairs.
However, we need to add the store attribute information from
the store information data to perform the analysis.
Let's drag a Join Tool onto the canvas and join
the output from the Union Tool with the store information data stream.
Well, join the Treatment field from
the Union Tool to the Store field from the store data,
and then we'll remove
the right Store field because we don't need the store information twice.
So let's run the workflow and see what our output looks like now.
We now have a data set that can be used to perform the analysis,
a list of control and treatment pairs with the region and associated test group.
Let's drag an Output Tool onto the canvas and save the data file for later use.
We're now ready to perform the analysis and summarize the results of the test.